---
id: project-structure
title: Structuring your Project
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: Structuring your Project
---

Determining how to structure web app when building on Cloudflare Workers
can often feel paralyzing, especially if you're migrating an existing codebase.

It's recommended that you conceptualize your app as if it were **three separate codebases** in a single Git repo:

- The server bundle, executed by Cloudflare's Worker runtime
- The browser bundle, executed within the user's browser
- And the shared code consumed by both bundles

# Directory structure

Keywork provides a batteries-included [example repo](https://github.com/nirrius/keywork-starter-kit)
to help spending too much of your time implementing this project structure.

This project uses ESBuild to bundle your code from three separate package directories...

## Worker

##### `/packages/worker`

The complete and bundled Worker code to be uploaded to [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/).
This includes your routing logic, data fetching, React components, and server-side rendering.

A worker only supports a single JavaScript file, so if we want to split our code into separate files, or import modules from NPM, we’ll need a build step that bundles all of our code. For this we use ESBuild.

Because Keywork apps automatically handle routing, ESBuild has been configured to output a `_worker.js` file,
automatically configuring Cloudflare Pages to disable the functions directory and enable [advanced mode](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/#advanced-mode).

### This package can import from...

- NPM packages declared in `/packages/worker/package.json`
- `@packages/shared`

## Browser

##### `/packages/browser`

The client-side bundle to be served statically by your Worker, and interpreted by the browser.
This includes your React components, client-side hydration.

### This package can import from...

- NPM packages declared in `/packages/browser/package.json`
- `@packages/shared`

## Shared

##### `/packages/shared`

While this isn't a separate bundle _per se_, both the `worker` and `browser` bundles will import
shared modules such as your React components and other shared utilities.

### This package can import from...

- NPM packages declared in `/packages/shared/package.json`
- `@packages/shared`

## Distribution

##### `dist`

The contents of this directory will be generated by ESBuild and uploaded to Cloudflare Pages
and served as your site's static content.

## Bundled Worker

##### `_worker.js`

The bundled code that will be generated by ESBuild. This comprises the entirety of your deployed worker.
